README.md, before:

# [Burger Restaurant](https://alejosjen.github.io/BurgerRestaurant/.)

For customers wanting a quick bite to eat, just type in what you want and presto! Your burger is ready to eat, just click to eat it.

The application has front end development with HTML, CSS and JS. Jquery handles the AJAX calls from the server side and Express-Handlebars helps build the HTML.

The backend is using MySQL to store data and Express for routing and running a server connection.

The build structure follows an MVC paradigm (model/view/controller). The views hold the styling and HTML formatting, the controller routes input from the client to the server and vice versa, and the model is managing the data for the views and controller.

[Heroku Link](https://fierce-fortress-58801.herokuapp.com/) needs more work to figure out the connections for database set up with JawsDB.

![front-page](public/assets/images/burgersScreenshot.png)
![Giphy](https://thumbs.gfycat.com/GoldenEachLeveret-size_restricted.gif)

Jennifer Alejos [Email](alejosjen@gmail.com) & [Website](https://www.jenalejos.com/) & [GitHub Profile](https://github.com/alejosjen)

Commit message:

all connections are running. Needed to run the database to create a table first! Then commented out port references in connection.js

README.md, after:

# [Burger Restaurant](https://alejosjen.github.io/BurgerRestaurant/.)

![front-page](public/assets/images/burgersScreenshot.png)

For customers wanting a quick bite to eat, just type in what you want and presto! Your burger is ready to eat, just click to eat it.

The application has front end development with HTML, CSS and JS. Jquery handles the AJAX calls from the server side and Express-Handlebars helps build the HTML.

The backend is using MySQL to store data and Express for routing and running a server connection.

To USE: 

The dependencies are: 
 - dotenv to protect your server information
 - express for routing and a local server
 - express-handlebars to make HTML templates
 - mysql to connect to your database

Also in use is an ORM to translate MySQL to the server and browser. 

The build structure follows MVC (model/view/controller). The views are the handlebar templates, the controller routes user use of the browser to the express server and vice versa, and the model is managing the data for the views and controller.


[Follow the Heroku link to order yourself a burger! :)](https://fierce-fortress-58801.herokuapp.com/) 


![Giphy](https://thumbs.gfycat.com/GoldenEachLeveret-size_restricted.gif)

Jennifer Alejos [Email](alejosjen@gmail.com) & [Website](https://www.jenalejos.com/) & [GitHub Profile](https://github.com/alejosjen)
